Hello, how are you? I'm going to show you the
simple algebraic factorization
ah
our polynomial in this case is x
square plus 4 x 4
what we can do in this case is going to
be using the least common multiple
algebraic
which is not very commonly used but
it's easy
we write the polynomial to the left side
and we start to reduce as 4 and 4 have
half we scored 2 half of 4 is 2 and the
half of 4 is 2 we copy the X's
As everyone is positive we do not make ourselves
no problem
then as everyone still continues
having half we put 2 here then
1 and 1 we continue copying the x now as
these can no longer be reduced
we note x here for x 2 is x as
this has no exponent stays at 0 and
is x we ​​continue to reduce the xy
another x more then we end up with this
now so that you get the result
correct because this is only the
realization of the terms and
factors here we have two factors
we have to first separate the numbers
which are common
like in this case x and x2 and 2 then
we write them down as the two have
exponent two we only write them down in a
parentheses as all the numbers are
positive we only write it in positive
then x + 2 squared now as
we realize certain correct
doing this exercise because x by
X
x square 2 x 2
do not forgive then we wrote down two
equal terms for the exponent that is
xx 22 as everything is positive positive if
is that we had less more is intercalated
more less plus less
and this is what we have to do
xxxx square xx 226 plus 2 x 2 xx
2x and 2 x 24 as these two are factor
common we simplify them in 1 then 4
x 4 x 2 this is the result that
agrees with the root that's the way
of the